h1. ibm_db

This is a fork of ibm_db 2.5.11 (http://rubyforge.org/projects/rubyibm/).

h2. Goals of this fork

# Update ibm_db to build with Ruby 1.9.3 / 2.0
# Support ActiveRecord 4.0 and Rails 4.0

h2. Currently working

* Runs in Ruby 2.0.0p247
* db:migrate to create a table
* db:migrate to add columns
* rails server starts without error

h2. Currently not working

* DEPRECATION WARNING: the object returned from `select_all` must respond to `column_types`.
* More?

h1. About me

I am a senior programmer / architect with a core competencies in Java (primarily) and C# (secondary).
I have a passion towards development and always enjoy learning new things. My current learning on the side
agenda includes:

* Learning Elixir (elixir-lang.org)
* Learning C++11 with a focus on TDD
* Anything else

h2. My Ruby and Rails experience

I played around with Ruby and Rails shortly after Rails became a buzzword, but I never took it anywhere.
I am currently looking to get into it as I have always enjoyed the Ruby syntax and want to see what else is out there.

I chose to take this on because I primarily use DB2 (I'm not an expert by any means, it's just my prefered RDBMS)
and I wanted to learn RoR.

h1. ibm_db license

The original ibm_db LICENSE is as follows:

bq.. Copyright (c) 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 IBM Corporation

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, 
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software
is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT 
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION 
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.{quote}

